ideal as a division officer first aboard the ship out the mission for
the army has excel the captain ideals games is working with my chief
petty officer future but it also in the past I had actually almost
for sure I had a master chief petty officer or and he's out in the street
so for me to establish a rapport style with a relationship with
the chief petty officer and carry out the mission in white they're
going to say it's I was an engineer and also the watch so I had to
call for that so I had to use my experience my knowledge for training
to get qualified as a dinner also watch the wall all the decks of
the is very quiet on the stand that you can actually control rules and
relied on my chief to make sure that I understood how all the technology
works and howls personnel fit into our division our T. so also
for part is to establish or for with your cheese and later on if
the computer is also reflected that from here the call as a one off
it's it's very simple to do that and it's very hello when and if that
goes south it was in the south then you're not gonna be done we rely
having to do everything yourself don't do that highly recommend that
you do that I recommend that you sell shoes for cheap you'll have
a great